We're going to save our file and we're going to run an UPDATE command again.
Now, we're getting an error here that says,
unresolved resource dependency, PrivateSubnet1CIDR,
in the resources blog of the template.
So you would go there and it would say,
it's telling you, I don't know what this is.
This is what the error is saying, it's unresolved dependency.
So we need to clear that up.
In this case, this design,
what it calls for is four parameters,
these values needs to be passed in.
So let's check our parameter section.
Sure enough, we have a VPC CIDR but we don't have a CIDR block for the subnet.
So let's copy that over.
Let's go back to our reference document,
and we should have these parameters here,
that's going to be four of them.
Public subnet, public subnet 2,
private subnet, and private subnet 2.
We're going to copy these values and I'm going to paste them over here.
If you have a JSON-enabled editor and
I'm missing a comma or something you would see it here,
it will tell you, "Hey, this format is invalid," but it's not the case right now,
so we can just go ahead and save this file.
Now we have this four parameters,
and let's run it again and see what happens.
Now we're saying, "Hey,
we have this four values that you just added to the parameter file",
and they say, "Hey, it do not exist in the template."
That's a very good error.
This is just saying that we have
these values that we intend to use but we're not using them.
So let's go back to our file.
It's true, we have only declared two parameters,
we should be having it at least four more for the four subnets.
So going back to our reference document,
if we go to the Parameters section, sure enough,
you see that we have these four values here that we should have in the other one as well.
I have defaults here,
but those defaults will be replaced with what we have in the parameter file.
So let's copy this over.
These have very important errors for you to see,
because you will get this error
mostly on your day-to-day activities when doing cloud formation.
So this is very important and useful lesson here.
So we have VPC CIDR,
public subnet 1, 2,
private subnet 1 and 2.
We're going to save it, and let's try again. Let's see what happens now.
Now we get a stackID,
which means it's finally running.
Let's get back to our console and see what's happening.
We see an update and progress.
As you can see, we have subnets creation in progress.
That update completed. We get a confirmation that the subnets were created.
This time instead of going straight back to the code,
let's verify that we're actually doing something by
typing VPC here from the services menu.
We'll click on VPC, we see that we have a VPC here,
but let's go to the subnet section by clicking here on the left bar.
So you can see we have several subnets.
Let's click on one of them.
Down here, you can see the details.
"Hey, this subnet belongs to
this particular stack and this is the VPC ID that is assigned to it.
So everything is looking good so far.
This is the option that we mentioned in the properties.
We have the ability to automatically assign
public IP addresses to servers that we deploy in there,
but again, that doesn't really matter if you don't have proper routing,
which we need to assign to our subnets.